## Final Personal Statement

I actually concern about the fast-paced technology development today. We have been introduced to many advanced topics about technology at the early classes like Design for this Century and Critical Computation Lab. I found it a little scary when people can know almost anything about you by analyzing your online profile at platforms like Twitter, Facebook, instagram. Not to mention all the hypothesis about AI replacing human-beings. Many people around me also shared their fear and concern about technology. I started to think about this; I want technology to be a good thing. It may not be neutral, but it can benefit the world more, not destroy the world.

Sometimes I really miss the old days when not everyone has a smartphone. We used to send many postcards to friends in distance, but now most times we just type some cold texts and send them out with a click on the screen. Also, we not have all the digital form of books and notes, we can use iPad as a tool to study. However, the old form of book and paper cannot be fully replaced by digital media. I have written a thesis about interactive books, through which I investigated how interactive actions were utilized in modern book design. Based on the interactive books with various inspirational layouts, such as those pop-up books like This Book Is a Planetarium, I found it interesting since a variety of interaction behaviors could add to the reading process. Besides, not only paper books met innovation in the bookbinding and layout, but we also had e-books in kindle or other electronic devices, which provided more possibilities for different kinds of interactions people could do with books.

My favorite designer in this space is Kohei Sugiura, a world-renowned Japanese graphic and book designer, for his priceless insight into graphic design, plus a rich array of book publications. The Five Senses of Books, propounded by Kohei Sugiura, endows the books with a huge variety of senses, play a significant role in my creations. “The sound of turning pages” that he coined in his book From “Decoration” to “Book Design” through a large number of examples of different books touch my heart and soul so deeply. According to him, the book format, thickness, and paper quality, different books have their unique sounds, which could be evolved into a beautiful symphony. At present, a huge variety of manufacturers are increasingly placing a strong emphasis on “Psychoacoustics”, which poses new requirements for book designers: controlling variables such as paper category and weight can help readers improve their listening experience in hearing. His ideas benefit me a lot in envisioning new concepts and developing my design creations. Meanwhile, his theory of the “Smell” of books - the smell varies from book to book depending on the adhesives, ink, and paper used - inspires me to pay more attention to the materials in my graphic design creations. What’s more, the Taste of books, sometimes interpreted as abstract “taste”, also enlightens me to emphasize the feeling and experience of a whole set of book design.

My final project is a pop-up book. As for the first version of this book, if you flip the pages, you are not gonna find any useful information. All those instant messages are telling you that there’s nothing to look at. 
And the second version - if you are willing to take more time to try to interact with it, you will find this: The feature of this little dinosaur lived in this book is many years ago I put on myself when I am chatting with friends online, we are doing the role playing thing. I’m a this dinosaur lived in an imaginary land. 
 
Why I call this the most horrible book in the world. That’s actually the first thing that came into my mind. I was not a talkative person, I don’t like to be noticed by public with many people. I’m not very comfortable. So sometimes maybe I will unconsciously send those messages - I’m a cold person, I don’t want to talk, don’t look at me, I want to be invisible. I have nothing to share with you. I can be that bad sometimes. But gratefully there are people who understand me and willing to take more time to know me. And they will pull all the triggers and find this dinosaur under the cover of all those awful sentences. That’s my version of this story. 

It surprised me that people also interpret this book with their own stories. The patience is one of them I found very touching. This reader she said it reminds her of her grandma who are not able to keep up with this information age. It’s easy for us to learn to use smart devices, but it is hard for some elder group. Most of the time her grandma will wonder that why those young people looking at the little screen all day. She did not understand. The generation gap become huge. This reader said this book reminded her to take more time and more patience to communicate with her grandma, or try to be more patient when teaching her to use the smart phone. It may not be easy. The result might be a surprise.

At the end, I also think of an old saying that you can not judge a book by its cover. If at the beginning you think that’s the most horrible design in the whole world, and maybe my story can make you want to give it another shot. Thanks to major studio I can got the chance to make this book, and I learned a lot through the process of all those critiques. I think I know more about how to think critically now.
